+++
Title = "Terms of Use"
Description = "The use of this website is subject to the following terms."
leftaside = "true"
author = "default"
+++
This is my personal website and I am solely responsible for its content. Your
use of this website in any form constitutes an acceptance of the following terms
and conditions. This page may be updated from time to time.

All content is provided solely for informational purposes. The articles, posts
and images on this website, and the opinions expressed through them, are my own
and do not necessarily represent those of my employers, family or any other
group I am part of. I make no claims regarding the accuracy or completeness of
information found here, or by following any links. I undertake no responsibility
for any errors or omissions in this information nor for the availability of this
information. Any action taken as a result of reading the information on this
website, is solely your responsibility and I will not be liable for any losses,
damages or injuries that may result from that action or from the display or use
of this information.

### License
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2018 Aravind Iyer

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

### Credit
It's nice to be given credit for your work, isn't it? If you are using any of my
work, do provide credit for it by linking back to the source article or material
here. Thanks!
